# CS-305-portfolio
# Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and their software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did they want you to address?
 Artemis Financial is a financial firm that aims to modernize and update their custom web browser. They specifically want to increase their websites security for communication and the uploaded files between the customer and the company. 
# What did you do very well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall wellbeing?
 Coding securely should be at the forefront of every development cycle. Having a system that can operate securely is crucial for the continued success of a business. If a company’s web browser is not properly secured, unwanted access can intercept and interfere with company or client information making the company seem “unreliable.” 
# What part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
 Using and understanding the Maven dependency checks, and knowing what to do with the information was something that I found difficult. Having no experience in software security and very minimal experience with java, using these checks proved to be more difficult than anticipated.
# How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
 My method for increasing security was to assess the effectiveness of the encryption algorithms and add additional algorithms when needed. For instance, if an algorithm was not working to properly validate or provide the proper authentication to the user. Perhaps an alternative algorithm would be more effective overall. 
# How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities? 
 To ensure the functionality of the system was consistent with the specifications set by Artemis Financial, I ensured that each aspect of the web browser was operating to the full capability desired by the client. Through testing, refactoring, and retesting more errors were discovered and then able to be solved. 
# What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
 I used a lot of video tutorials and references to not only learn more about vulnerability reports and dependencies checks, but I also consulted real world examples of these to ensure my learning would be strong enough to complete the projects. 
# Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
 I would like to showcase the recommendations and conclusions that I have drawn from the vulnerability assessments to highlight my knowledge in software security and algorithm ciphers
